Don't!
I am fine thank you
Bad! I'm tired and stressed out from all my projects
I'm doing alright, how about you?
I am tired and frazzled and feeling kinda silly
Tireedddd but okay
Fine. How are you?
Pretty tired. 
I wish I never got out of bed this morning 
Contemplating the ups and downs of life, but feeling grateful. And you?
I'm good, thanks. Focused on work mostly. And you?
On a scale from 1 to 10, I'm at a solid 7 today!
Doing well, but I've been thinking about others who are struggling. How are you?
I'm good. Been thinking about a new project idea. What's new with you?
Every day’s a new opportunity, right? Doing well, thanks!
Not bad, thanks for asking. How about yourself?
I'm good, but more importantly, how are you doing?
Feeling thankful for the little things. How are you today?
I'm doing great, thanks! How about you?
I'm well, thank you for asking. And how are you?
I've been going through some challenges, but I'm managing. Thanks for asking.
Fantastic! It's been a really good day so far.
I'm a bit tired today, but otherwise good. How are you?
Better now that you've asked!
I've had a lot on my mind, but I'm hanging in there. How about you?
Super excited! I’ve got some interesting projects I'm working on.
Pretty laid back today, can't complain. How about yourself?
Productive and focused! Lots of goals to achieve. How about you?
Oh, you know, same old, same old. How's it going with you?
A bitt tired but still good!!
Busy procrastinating :)
I'm having a great day!
I'm sleepy
I'm hungry
I'm tired
I'm doing alright. Just a bit tired
Not bad, just kinda tired
Bored, been swamped with work
Tired, I have a lot of projects due
I have a lot of errands to run
I'm doing good. How are you?
Kinda tired, I haven't been sleeping well
It's been a rough week.
I've had a whirlwind of a week, but I'm hanging in there.
Things are good. I'm almost done with my project. 
I'm excited for the semester to be over.
I'm ok
I'm working on my final for my coding class.
I had a long day today.
I'm glad it's Friday!
Not too bad. I'm ready for the weekend!
It's so cold outside.
Pretty happy! Someone complimented me today